README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>


<div align="center">
  
  <img src="logo.png" alt="Logo" width="100px" height="80px">  
  <h2> Mohammad Mahdi Niazi<h2> 
  <h3><b>Portfolio Website</b></h3>

</div>



# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [ Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)



# 📖 [Portfolio Mobile Version] <a name="about-project">
  This is a portfolio website that we share our career growth. 
  this project talk about my career, experience and education. 
</a>



**[Portfolio Project]** is This mobile version portfolio I have written some basic information about me. 

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">
**VS Code**    
</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>


- **[Linters]**
- **[Weblint]**
- **[Stylelint]**
- **[Fontawesome]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

 To get the content of this project locally you need to run the following commands in your terminal:
 
### Prerequisites 

- IDE(code editor) like: **Vscode**, **Sublime**, etc. 
- [Git](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/how-to-install-git-on-linux-mac-and-windows/) 

### Setup 

1. Download the **Zip** file or clone the repo with:
```bash git clone git@github.com:Mahdi-Niazi/Portfolio_Mobile_Setup.git ``` 
2. To access cloned directory run: 
```bash cd Portfolio_Mobile_Setup ``` 
3. Open it with the live server 

### Install 

```bash npm install ``` 

## Run

Test for Linters For tracking linter errors locally you need to follow these steps: 
1. For tracking linter errors in HTML files run:
```bash npx hint . ``` 
2. For tracking linter errors in CSS or SASS files run:
```bash npx stylelint "\*_/_.{css,scss}" ``` 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>



👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@Mahdi-Niazi](https://github.com/Mahdi-Niazi)
- Twitter: [@mahdinazi1](https://twitter.com/mahdiniazi1)
- LinkedIn: [Mohammad Mahdi Niazi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-mahdi-niazi-58a262235/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>



-  **[Complete Mobile Version]**
-  **[Complete Desktop Version]**
-  **[Dynamic the website]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
##  Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>
- [Portifolio](https://mahdi-niazi.github.io/Portfolio_Mobile_Setup/)

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank @s2jack

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Fix menu background in mobile version

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>


<div align="center">
  
  <img src="logo.png" alt="Logo" width="100px" height="80px">  
  <h2> Mohammad Mahdi Niazi<h2> 
  <h3><b>Afghanistan FootbalL National Team Website</b></h3>

</div>



# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [ Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)



# 📖 [Afghanistan FootbalL National Team Website] <a name="about-project">
  This website introduce the best players of the national team and it provide the programs inside the club and it also provide you to join the club if you interested. 

  Also it provides the upcoming events.
</a>



**[AFNT]** This website can you get to know top players of Afghanistan National Team. 

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">
**VS Code** 

</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>


- **Upcoming Events**
- **Feature Players**
- **Partners**
- **History of the Team**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

 To get the content of this project locally you need to run the following commands in your terminal:
 
### Prerequisites 

- IDE(code editor) like: **Vscode**, **Sublime**, etc. 
- [Git](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/how-to-install-git-on-linux-mac-and-windows/) 

### Setup 

1. Download the **Zip** file or clone the repo with:
```bash git clone git@github.com:Mahdi-Niazi/Capstone-Project-HTML-CSS-JS.git ``` 
2. To access cloned directory run: 
```bash cd Capstone-Project-HTML-CSS-JS ``` 
3. Open it with the live server 

### Install 

```bash npm install ``` 

## Run

Test for Linters For tracking linter errors locally you need to follow these steps: 
1. For tracking linter errors in HTML files run:
```bash npx hint . ``` 
2. For tracking linter errors in CSS or SASS files run:
```bash npx stylelint "\*_/_.{css,scss}" ``` 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>



👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@Mahdi-Niazi](https://github.com/Mahdi-Niazi)
- Twitter: [@mahdinazi1](https://twitter.com/mahdiniazi1)
- LinkedIn: [Mohammad Mahdi Niazi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-mahdi-niazi-58a262235/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>



-  **User Registration**
-  **Event Booking**
-  **Full team member**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
##  Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Afghanistan National Team Club]()

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank [Behance Design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/29845175/CC-Global-Summit-2015) that helped me to do this amazing website.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
